---
layout: post
music: "St. Patrick's Day - John Mayer"
title: Sat 8:20 AM
image: track-3.jpg
desc: This moment is the highlight of my life
---

Hi,

This is for the day when we were randomly talking about life. How you like looking at illustrations made and posted by random people. How I want to start an illustrations portfolio of my own but I couldn't because I can't seem to find something meaningful to illustrate. Something that matters to others. Then you said, "If you worry to much about what others are going to say, you'll never be able to start living for yourself". Not your exact words but something along that line. I'm not going to lie. I've heard that many times before but coming from you, it meant everything to me. It's not really the meaning that struck me. It's discovering this side of you.

I chose this song because in that moment I felt so content. Like this moment is the highlight of my entire life. Like I'll be alright tomorrow and in the days to come knowing that this day happened.

> *Who knows what we'll be.*    
> *But I'll make you this guarantee.*    
> *No way November will see our goodbye.*    
> *When it comes to December it's obvious why.*    
> *No one wants to be alone at Christmas Time.*    
> *Come January we're frozen inside.*    
> *Making new resolution a hundred time.*    
> *February won't you be my Valentine?...*    
> *And if our always is all that we gave*    
> *and we someday take that away.*    
> *I'll be alright if it was just till St. Patrick's Day.*

Oh and yeah that moment happened few days before Christmas and, yes, you left few days before St. Patrick's Day.

Love always,    
Me

P.S. You are so sweet when you brought me that chocolate when you went down. I really enjoyed going with you to re-park your car. And the paracetamol, it's still in my stash <3
