---
layout: post
music: "If you're gone - Matchbox Twenty"
title: Fri 8:38 PM
image: track-2.jpg
desc: "I bet you're hard to get over. I bet the room just won't shine"
---

Hi,

This morning, I thought hard about what would be the next song. Your last day at the office kept coming to my mind and I decided to pick something that would best describe that day. As usual, I can't seem to pick the perfect one. And then suddenly I thought of this song. It doesn't describe the day you left. It describes more how I felt the day I had a sudden thought of you actually leaving.

> *I bet you're hard to get over. I bet the room just won't shine*

It was the morning of our reach out day. I am walking through the rain. I hate using my umbrella. It requires too much work to dry it and fold it after use. Anyway, as I was walking, I was also replying to your message on slack and I realized that that has somehow became part of my life. I have grown to like it and I don't want it to end. But what if it has to? How am I going to live without it? Without talking to you. I got so scared. And then it actually happened. On one hand, I finally got my answer but on the other hand, I wish I hadn't. I got scared because you leaving the company meant the end of... I want to say 'us' but there's no really 'us' which really hurts but I'm not going to elaborate on that here. I think it deserves it's own track. I'll just say it's the end of me getting to know you more. I realized there'll be no more chance of me being able to reach out to you to talk about nothing in particular. The truth is, we don't really have anything in common aside from work. It sucks because I know I should have talked to you more when I still have a chance. Instead, I just waited. I waited for you to reach out to me. Now, it seems I don't have that chance anymore.

Love always,    
Me
