---
layout: post
music: "Forever - Damage"
title: Sun 1:58 PM
image: track-4.jpg
desc: "I'm sorry. I can't unlove you"
---

Hi,

First of all, I hate this song now but I thought, no, it still deserves a spot here. Why? This is the song I am listening to on repeat the day I told you how I feel about you. It was so sudden. Anyway, that day was also the day when we went out to lunch. The always bumped-off-rescheduled-rain-checked lunch. Not to mention, I was listening to a totally different song on the way to work that day. Completely unrelated, right? The heart really wants what it wants.

I've already planned this. This is the day I will tell you. And since it got rescheduled again and again up to the time that you're about to leave, that has to be the day. I forgot to plan the exact words though. The 'date, went pffft. Our topic went on from my go to lunch place to your injury from frisbee, to you telling me to give myself a chance to get to know the newbies to (for some unknown reason) the guy you think I'm dating. It gave me a notion that our officemates must have really talked about it a lot. It sucks because I don't know how to tell them (and to tell you) that that guy was never really in the picture. I'm in love with someone else. Without saying anything bad about the guy. Anyway, long story short, I wasn't able to tell you what I wanted to really tell you. What a shame! I completely wasted our time.
We went back to the office and I started to plan my next move. I need to tell you. It's now or never. But it's just so hard. And then I wonder, why am I finding it so hard to tell you when falling in love with you was really so easy?

> *You make loving you so easy for me*

I sent you a message right away. I like you. Which by the way is a total lie because I don't like you. I love you. And after a few back and forth replies, you said "I'm sorry. I can't."... So easily... :(

Love always,    
Me

P.S. Thank you for lunch. If I knew that that will be the last, I would have insisted on paying.
